Add additional picker to insert file links (#13)
nvim-neorg/neorg-telescope: README.md

`insert_link` only works for elements in the current document.

### Automatic File Link Insertion

> Simply press a key (`<C-f>` in insert mode by default) and select what Neorg file you want to link to.

Reviewer: this isn't defined anywhere right now right?

Author: Nope, took a guess at the mapping desired mapping, is this set in neorg?

What would you preffer, taking this out and leaving it to neorg-telescope and nvim-neorg code owners to manage?

Reviewer: @vhyrro

> `insert_file_link` only works for elements in the current document.

Reviewer: not sure what you mean by that
it doesn't link to elements in the current document
did you perhaps mean `workspace`?
```suggestion
`insert_file_link` only works for files in the current workspace.
```

Author: copy-patsa, removed

Reviewer: wouldn't remove it but change it to what I suggested
